README.md, before:

# Demo web client for Matrix Files SDK

This web client was developed to showcase the capabilities of [matrix-files-sdk](https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix-files-sdk).

Features include:

* Upload single and multiple files
* Basic file operations: rename, delete, download
* Preview some common file formats: images, text, markdown, PDF
* Inline editing of markdown using [ByteMD](https://github.com/bytedance/bytemd)
* Folder sharing and permission management
* View version history for files
* End-to-end encryption
* Encryption key backup using a passphrase

## Live demo

[Try it for yourself](https://vector-im.github.io/files-sdk-demo/)

## Development

Install the dependencies...

```bash
yarn install
```

...then start to run a local web server to help with development:

```bash
yarn dev
```

Navigate to [localhost:5001](http://localhost:5001). You should see the app running. Edit a component file in `src`, save it, and reload the page to see your changes.

If you're using [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) we recommend installing the official extension [Svelte for VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=svelte.svelte-vscode).

If you are using other editors you may need to install a plugin in order to get syntax highlighting and intellisense.

## Building and running in production mode

To create an optimised version of the app:

```bash
yarn build
```

This will output a set of files into the `dist` folder which can then be deployed to a CDN or web server (example [here](.github/workflows/ci.yml)).

Commit message:

feat: default homeserver can be specified by env DEFAULT_HOMESERVER

README.md, after:

# Demo web client for Matrix Files SDK

This web client was developed to showcase the capabilities of [matrix-files-sdk](https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix-files-sdk).

Features include:

* Upload single and multiple files
* Basic file operations: rename, delete, download
* Preview some common file formats: images, text, markdown, PDF
* Inline editing of markdown using [ByteMD](https://github.com/bytedance/bytemd)
* Folder sharing and permission management
* View version history for files
* End-to-end encryption
* Encryption key backup using a passphrase

## Live demo

[Try it for yourself](https://vector-im.github.io/files-sdk-demo/)

## Development

Install the dependencies...

```bash
yarn install
```

...then start to run a local web server to help with development:

```bash
yarn dev
```

Navigate to [localhost:5001](http://localhost:5001). You should see the app running. Edit a component file in `src`, save it, and reload the page to see your changes.

If you're using [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) we recommend installing the official extension [Svelte for VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=svelte.svelte-vscode).

If you are using other editors you may need to install a plugin in order to get syntax highlighting and intellisense.

## Building and running in production mode

To create an optimised version of the app which defaults to matrix.org homeserver:

```bash
DEFAULT_HOMESERVER=https://matrix.org yarn build
```

This will output a set of files into the `dist` folder which can then be deployed to a CDN or web server (example [here](.github/workflows/ci.yml)).
